README.md, before:

# Awesome Starcounter [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)
<a href="https://www.starcounter.io"><img src="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/542321946122149888/wLf3o9jy.png" height="208" width="208"></a>
> A curated list of Starcounter resources, libraries and apps 
>
> Please contribute to this page by making a Pull Request

## Contents

- [Apps](#apps)
- [Libraries](#libraries)
- [Tools](#tools)
- [Web Components](#web-components)

## Apps

- [Sample and prefab apps](https://github.com/StarcounterApps) - official apps that are code samples or prefabs for common features
- [Web Platform apps](https://github.com/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=topic%3Aweb-platform-team+topic%3Aapp+org%3AStarcounter+fork%3Atrue&type=) - official apps that implement the blending, etc

## Libraries

- [Dynamit](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Dynamit/) - dynamic table definitions
- [Joozek78.Starcounter.Async](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Joozek78.Starcounter.Async/) - unofficial extensions for Starcounter aiding async programming
- [Starcounter.Authorization](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Starcounter.Authorization/) - authorization helper library
- [Starcounter.Linq](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Starcounter.Linq/) - LINQ provider
- [RESTar](https://www.nuget.org/packages/RESTar/) - REST API framework

## Tools

- [Downloads](http://downloads.starcounter.com/) - the official download page
- [Starcounter DevTools extension for Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/starcounter-devtools/mpchkilmmalfopikamgellgdgoidhmnh)
- [Starcounter DevTools extension for Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/starcounter-devtools/)
- [Starcounter DevTools](https://github.com/starcounter/starcounter-debug-aid) - source code for the browser extensions
- [Translate Shadow DOM](https://tomalec.github.io/Translate-ShadowDOM/) - translates `<content>` tags to `<slot>` and vice versa (req. Chrome)

## Web Components

- [Juicy](https://github.com/Juicy) - custom elements authored by Starcounter team
- [Vaadin](https://vaadin.com/elements) - custom elements library for building web apps
- [WebComponents.org](https://www.webcomponents.org/) - open directory of custom elements

Commit message:

replace DevTools source link with a link to the bookmarklet

README.md, after:

# Awesome Starcounter [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)
<a href="https://www.starcounter.io"><img src="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/542321946122149888/wLf3o9jy.png" height="208" width="208"></a>
> A curated list of Starcounter resources, libraries and apps 
>
> Please contribute to this page by making a Pull Request

## Contents

- [Apps](#apps)
- [Libraries](#libraries)
- [Tools](#tools)
- [Web Components](#web-components)

## Apps

- [Sample and prefab apps](https://github.com/StarcounterApps) - official apps that are code samples or prefabs for common features
- [Web Platform apps](https://github.com/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=topic%3Aweb-platform-team+topic%3Aapp+org%3AStarcounter+fork%3Atrue&type=) - official apps that implement the blending, etc

## Libraries

- [Dynamit](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Dynamit/) - dynamic table definitions
- [Joozek78.Starcounter.Async](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Joozek78.Starcounter.Async/) - unofficial extensions for Starcounter aiding async programming
- [Starcounter.Authorization](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Starcounter.Authorization/) - authorization helper library
- [Starcounter.Linq](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Starcounter.Linq/) - LINQ provider
- [RESTar](https://www.nuget.org/packages/RESTar/) - REST API framework

## Tools

- [Downloads](http://downloads.starcounter.com/) - the official download page
- [Starcounter DevTools bookmarklet](https://starcounter.io/starcounter-devtools-extension/) - blog showing how to load the extension in Safari and Edge
- [Starcounter DevTools extension for Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/starcounter-devtools/mpchkilmmalfopikamgellgdgoidhmnh)
- [Starcounter DevTools extension for Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/starcounter-devtools/)
- [Translate Shadow DOM](https://tomalec.github.io/Translate-ShadowDOM/) - translates `<content>` tags to `<slot>` and vice versa (req. Chrome)

## Web Components

- [Juicy](https://github.com/Juicy) - custom elements authored by Starcounter team
- [Vaadin](https://vaadin.com/elements) - custom elements library for building web apps
- [WebComponents.org](https://www.webcomponents.org/) - open directory of custom elements
